Welcome back in the previous step we set up a simple Micro service for the limits service.
We would able to get it running our eventual goal with the limits
srevice is we would want it to connect to this spring cloud config server we would want it to get the
configuration from the spring cloud config server.
Before we get there what we'll do in this step is we would try and configure a few values in application
dot properties and expose the service using the limits srevice to retrieve those values.
The first thing I would do is I would open up the application dot properties and give a name to our
application so all that you need to type in this application dot name.
It's spring dot application dot name is equal to limits.
Underscore service as we create more and more micro services.
We would want to give the applications a name so that we can easily identify them.
The other thing you would also notice as we go on is we would configure a server dot port so we would
configure a specific port for each of the applications for the limits service.
However we would continue using the default port 80 80.
So I don't really need to configure anything.
What we want to create is a simple service.
Let's get started with it.
So let's get started with creating a simple controller I'll say new class.
I call this limits configuration controller and I'll press finish now over here.
What we want this to be is a rest controller we want to expose a small service from here.
So let's do that at rest.
Controller I'll import the rest controller in and we would want to create a simple method in here what we would
want to return back is the limits configurations I would say limit configuration and the method we want
to create is retrieve limits from configuration.
We want to configure a couple of limits and we would want to retrieve them from the configuration.
That's cool I'd want to expose a get request so I'll say it get mapping and let's use the URL slash.
limits let's organize the imports I'm importing to get mapping.
In right now there is nothing call limits configuration.
So let's go ahead and create that limits configuration I'll say control one and I can say create
class limit configuration.
Go ahead.
I'll use the package called Dot bean and say finish in this.
I would want to put two values int maximum and I'll say int minimum and over here as usual I'll quickly create getters and setters.
First generate getters and setters.
Let's just do the getters for now I'll also generate a constructor genarate constructor using fields.
I want both of them because we would be using it and returning it as a return type the rest service what
we would also need is no argument constructor protected limit configuration.
So what we have created is a very simple bean right we want to store the minimum and the maximum a couple of
values.
Let it be the minimum and maximum for anything it does not really matter what we are really looking
at is a couple of things.
I have to also make them private.
So we have couple of simple things int minimum and maximum and limit configuration.
I've just created a constructor and also a couple getters to be able to retrieve those values out.
That's cool.
Over here I can now return new limit configuration of I can send the values right so what we said is
first is maximum.
The second one is minimum.
So it's say thousand comma one.
Let's launch up the limits service application for now we are doing is we are hard coding the values in
we're not really picking them up from the application dot properties at all.
for now we just want to configure hard coaded value and see if we have everything right.
When you hit the URL localhost 8080 slash limits you would see that we get a Jason's response back
maximun thousand and minimum one that's cool.
So we have a simple rest service working in this step what we did until now is very simple right.
We expose a simple rest service returning a hard coded limit configuration back in the next step we will make
it these values from application dot properties until then bye bye.